# TruckSentenceBuilder
Uses a excel exported from Matbot, in order to construct sentences based off Column structures and specific requests made. Which then allows you to copy the sentence and send to the intended peroson. 
*This project is really a personal tool for now. Other's can find it useful or use the code to do something similar for their own job.*
I want to begin with the inspiration for this project and what drove me to create this tool. I am currently working at a company called Whitney Logistics, in which there was this daily process where I would need to acces a application called MatBot. This application is really industry specific for trucking, but to continue, my role in useing this application was to verify tickets. This applicaiton MatBot has a tab in which reqests for ticket inquirys are requested and with these request came in me. Where I would see the issue behind the request and then have to contact drivers, in order to receive these tickets. This process is extremely manual and not very fun, as I would mainly message and sometimes if the driver does not respond call them in order to receive the ticket. Now here comes the fun part. Well getting more and more familar with coding and using the tool ChatGPT, I learned how to structure code and use the AI to build up other projects. The inspo behind this project really came when I fully automated a process in excel using ChatGPT, I could go into detail about that too but for now lets continue behind why this tool was built. Now knowing all that, I eventually came to the decision to build a tool in where I would no longer have to type out multiple messages to these drivers in order to reach out to them. So I created a tool in which I would take adavantage of the export feature in Matbot and export a excel version of the information being requested. With this, I built the tool around this by analyzing the excel, and buuilding my tool around identifying specific columns and information in the excel in order to build a sentence for the specified truck. Now how can this help you? I'm not sure, but if you have a process in which you have to message multiple people a similar message but the context can vary then I reccomend you taking whatever you need from this project to help you on your journey aswell.
*Eventually I will provide a sample excel where there is no sensetive info, in where you can use this excel to use as a sample to run the tool. 
*Note this really is just a small scale project and updates may vary, but it all depends on if I want to make the tool better for personal use.
*Also if anyone wants help implementing this to their own project let me know. :)
